Notes From Meeting of Nov 8th

	•	Needing to make sure that we are following the techLibrary Board  
	◦	IMPORTANT - we need to review this and make sure we continually 
	◦	We need to get things up and running - no progress on the pages yet 
	◦	https://staging-feat-lab12.cuboulder-csci3308.pages.dev/docs/Project/Group%20Project/guide/#deployment-environment
	◦	Need to make sure that our project boards are being consistently updated by the individual and need to make our own stories for the week 
	•	Each can work on their assignemed on the project board (make sure that if you dont have dummy data yet then just continue working with your own json files so that we dont need to wait upon data) 
	•	Need to start on the coding aspects of it 
	◦	Need to make final presentations 
	◦	Final proposition 
	▪	Need to finish creating the pages - really fast so that we can focus on other things 
	•	Other pointers 
	◦	Will be given time until friday to complete and get up to date on our project 
