 Notes from Nov 1 meeting with Satwani
 NEED TO SET UP WEEKLY MEETINGS\'a0\
 We have done a preview example exercise with her as to see what needs to be included within our preview (presentation)\'a0\
 Think of front end, back end and in between - for each of the individual attributes\'a0\
 These becomes our checkboxes - what we need to maintain for all demoing with our ta meetings\'a0\
 DO NOT PUSH INTO MAIN\'a0\
 Work in separate branches\'a0\
 We commit to main \'85..\'a0\
Finished a sory\'a0\
Get it reviewed\'a0\
 Merge that code into the main branch\'a0\
One person to take care of the External api calls and such - if we are using an external api\'a0\
Proper database schema\'a0\
 These are the tables (like the lab we made and the overview - where everything goes)\'a0\
 NEED TO KNOW HOW OUR DATABASE LOOKS BY THE END OF THE WEEK\'a0\
Including how each of the tables set up and their connectives\'a0\
Someone can pick up the other pages\'a0\
 Each person can take one thing\'a0\
 Register\'a0\
 Login\'a0\
Home\'a0\
Profile\'a0\
Get the overall layout portrayed\'a0\
 If these are finished quickly - help someone else - dont maintain in limbo\'a0\
 Organizing work between people via story points and on the board in git\'a0\
 Person who has a story - this person puts on the story points\'a0\
 Note that we need to come up with the wire frame and such completed\'a0\
 A rough drawing and such\'a0\
 APsolute necessary\'a0\
 Draft 2 overview\'a0\
 Running into errors\'a0\
Help eachother out\'a0\
Dont stick on something for a very long time\'a0\
 Can create meetings to figure things out together - reach out for help - dont get stuck\
At least 3 and above - meaningful commits\
Attendance carries marks\'a0\
 Each person needs to show the work that they did throughout the week with the meetings with Ta \
